hey guys jus hearing it's time for a new
video and today jagex posted
confirmation that we will be having a
bonus xp weekend in September the bonus
xp weekend will be from the 9th of sep
tember till the 12 now we were pretty
sure we're going to get a bonus xp
weekend in September as they seem to be
marched in September the March then
obviously September so we were pretty
sure we'll get one however it's fabulous
to have that confirmation on the newest
post now they made this conformational a
new news post called save fifteen
percent on the price of membership so
wasn't quite happy about the way they
used to announce the bonus xp weekend
but regardless it does look like they're
looking to add quite a bit of content
stuff they haven't mentioned before to
us okay and the one that really stands
out to me is a slayer dungeon they
mentioned that's coming out and it
basically tells is going to be a new
Slayer dungeon with a great atmosphere
new combat tactics so interesting combat
tactics and they also say this is going
to be piped with new enemies a new look
to require so do really look forward to
that slave dungeon I'm hoping there's
some high Slayer level monsters in there
well a nice mix tile from low to high
kind of like the Slayer dungeon or kind
of like this player mansion in kind of
face so it does sound really cool i'm
happy that they've announced this but
obviously this video is mainly about the
bonus xp weekend so if you didn't give
me the first time the bonus xp weekend
real room from the knife till the 12th
of September that's thanks month so if
you guys looking forward to that I
imagine a lot of you have already got
planned what you're going to do now what
tends to happen before a bonus xp
weekend is the prices seem to saw and
then they come back down and they store
again on the weekend but we've never had
quite the bot epidemic they were having
this bonus xp weekend okay the last
bonus xp weekend we still had boats but
people didn't really notice them as much
and people know the one thing that
really causes price fluctuations is
panic players panicking causes massive
fluctuations so if the prices are going
to change I think they may change a
little bit but I don't think they're
going to change that much as I think
this bonus xp weekend really had a lot
of anticipation so people already
stocked up on what they wanted but I
think in turn some people have hoarded
things to plan to sell so I don't think
I think it's going to even now I don't
think there's going to be that many
price fluctuations however I could be
wrong we'll see and obviously the boss
situation is probably the worst it's
ever been out of all the bonus xp
weekends so we'll see how that works out
I think
the prices are going to be quite normal
to be honest based on this business
xperia can and the fact we all knew
about in the fact that a lot of people
were stocking up on stuff they wanted
well beforehand so not really many
people want to go out and buy stuff
unless they've changed their mind or
just left it to the last minute
procrastinated okay so i've got some
bonus xp weekend tips and figures for
your guys before it starts and this is
actually a really cool time for me like
I wouldn't have really made this video
but it's such a cool time for me and my
oldest subscribe is my original ones
will know why because my first ever few
videos then when I decided to start
making runescape commentaries and start
making videos for you guys was my bonus
xp weekend videos yes the last bonus xp
weekend in march is when i started
making YouTube commentaries I decided
look I want to start making videos so i
made some videos with bonus xp weekend
tips i talked about the bonus xp weekend
i gave my progress on it and one of
those videos got quite a lot of views
and that's what I got most of my
subscribers because it kind of went
round a little bit so I'm so happy about
but that's why I feel I really need to
cover this bonus xp weekend like a date
purely because that's how i started a
lovely to me and my older subscribers
and so my original ones will probably
like that so first of all what i will be
doing over the bonus xp weekend this
i'll be making a video each day of the
bonus xp weekend telling you guys what
I've done what's happened who's gained
some massive expanded is covering the
bonus xp weekend and giving you any tips
as I can go as I really enjoyed the
bonus xp weekend last time and it is
kinda a time when I like to grind I
don't usually like being efficient but
on the bonus xp weekend because I find
it so fun to be grinding a little bit I
do kind of play a little differently so
i will delay configure server that we
can like I did the first weekend and
likely when i started a because it means
a lot to me and be because i think you
guys will find it useful but since it's
been announced i really want to know
what will you guys be training but
before I go ahead and do that I wouldn't
give you a few little tips and a little
bit of figures okay so the first tip is
do circus circus gets bonus XP and
circus gives you such massive chunks of
experience if you've never done it
you'll get a lot of experience if you do
this straight away on bonus xp weekend
within the 2.7 modifier not only that is
awesome to be doing a tree run
especially a fruit tree run so if you do
a farming run of all your trees and
definitely fruit trees and a calc wat
tree that will be amazing and those are
massive chunks
Koreans now also said last time as I
thought earns me be affected since
they're limited so you can only have ten
earns I thought why wouldn't they make
them the burners apparently they were
included in the bonus which I could have
kind of force or a little bit by didn't
but this time I will still be getting
the urns before the bonus xp weekend
because I want to knock up all the XP I
grab as much as I can so I'm feeling 10
mins before the bonus xp weekend and
using them on it just so i can get
massive chunks of XP over the weekend
mooching all i can out of it that's
really what i want to do this get as
much experian and what a lot of people
don't know is the average modifier at
least over the past 16 b weekends as
being 1.7 so basically for the first 10
hours is when you really modified it
where it goes from 2.7 so 1.1 it will
average out over the 10 hours at one
point seven so basically this is a
seventy percent bonus xp weekend it's
not quite double what they people like
to call it is a seventy percent XP bonus
over the ten hours which really is great
and remember over the last one you
couldn't use summoning so you couldn't
go do something as so name wouldn't be
affected because of the way it works
instead that someone he only gets a ten
percent burners so it should do if you
want to do some winning is you do 10
hours of anything else you want to do
and after the 10 hours after your
modifier is down to 1.1 you could do
some summoning now what I said last time
was jagged should have really integrated
something we could do for something so
perhaps you would get some burners charm
drops while we're doing Slayer while
we're killing monsters it would be nice
to see perhaps double charm drops for
the first two hours I thought that will
be pretty cool but jiggetts didn't
really consider that I think because
they really crippled something they
should have at least introduce something
else perhaps like burnished charm drops
like I said so yes for the first ten
hours you're looking at a seventy
percent XP bonus average for the first
three hours you are looking at around
2.3 that these aren't quite exactly
right but basically it's a 1.7 modifier
for 10 hours on average in the first
three hours you're looking at more than
double xp for the first three hours
you're looking at about a 2.3 modifier
so yet more than double xp for the first
three hours which is awesome so if you
want to do your really expensive skills
to do it within the first three hours
because that'll be more than double XP
it averages out ok so what are you guys
doing will you'll be grinding her blow
to get that really expensive 99 will be
in construction or partially even take
the opportunity to kill a
load of monsters get your sleigh level
or maybe you won't spend any money you
won't want to really earn any money I
just want to do feeling to get that 99
out of the bloody way or maybe I'll just
do some wood cutting on Ivy's may be
applying to take it quite easy as bonus
xp weekend and AFK a little bit it'd be
really awesome to know what you guys are
doing this bonus xp weekend and maybe I
can find you my future videos the videos
I'll be doing over the bonus xp weekend
based on what the majority of you guys
are doing so let me know what skill you
plan to be training on the bonus xp
weekend or if you're training more than
one let me know in the comments section
of this video and if you have any tips
or other people do let me know down
there it will be really useful for me to
know the videos i can make based on the
skills you guys are doing because i'll
be able to give you certain tapes based
in each of those skills so that will be
really cool so yeah guys do let me know
it you felt to make a video response for
any reason that would be really awesome
as always guys be sure to thumbs up the
video if you enjoyed it and if you look
forward to seeing the more bonus xp
weekend videos some of my older style
videos thank you very much for watching
the video guys I hope you've enjoyed all
my videos lately